{"en":"Customs Officers are quite tolerant these days, ^ ","ch":"现在的海关官员往往相当宽容。  "}
{"en":"but they can still stop you when you are going through the Green Channel and have nothing to declare. ^ ","ch":"但是， 当你通过绿色通道， 没有任何东西需要申报时， 他们仍可以拦住你。  "}
{"en":"Even really honest people are often made to feel guilty. ^ ","ch":"甚至是最诚实的人也常弄得觉得有罪似的，  "}
{"en":"The hardened professional smuggler,  on the other hand,  is never troubled by such feelings,  even if he has five hundred gold watches hidden in his suitcase. ^ ","ch":"而老练的职业走私犯却即使在手提箱里藏着500只金表， 却也处之泰然。  "}
{"en":"When I returned from abroad recently,  a particularly officious young Customs Officer clearly regarded me as a smuggler. ^ ","ch":"最近一次， 我也出国归来， 碰上一位特别好管闲事的年轻海关官员， 他显然把我当成了走私犯。  "}
{"en":"'Have you anything to declare? ' he asked,  looking me in the eye. ^ “","ch":"您有什么需要申报的吗? ”他直盯着我的眼睛问。  "}
{"en":"'Would you mind unlocking this suitcase please? '^ “","ch":"请打开这只手提箱好吗? ” "}
{"en":"The Officer went through the case with great care. ^ ","ch":"那位官员十分仔细地把箱子检查了一遍。  "}
{"en":"All the things I had packed so carefully were soon in a dreadful mess. ^ ","ch":"所有细心包装好的东西一会儿工夫就乱成一团。  "}
{"en":"I felt sure I would never be able to close the case again. ^ ","ch":"我相信那箱子再也关不上了。  "}
{"en":"Suddenly,  I saw the Officer's face light up. ^ ","ch":"突然， 我看到官员脸上露出了得意的神色。  "}
{"en":"He had spotted a tiny bottle at the bottom of my case and he pounced on it with delight. ^ ","ch":"他在我的箱底发现了一只小瓶， 高兴地一把抓了起来。  "}
{"en":"'You should have declared that.  Perfume is not exempt from import duty. '^ “","ch":"你刚才应该申报， 香水要上进口税的。 ” "}
{"en":"'It's hair gel. ' Then I added with a smile, ^ “","ch":"是发胶。 ”接着我脸带微笑补充说： "}
{"en":"The officer unscrewed the cap and put the bottle to his nostrils. ^ ","ch":"海关官员拧开瓶盖， 把瓶子放到鼻子底下。  "}
{"en":"He was greeted by an unpleasant smell which convinced him that I was telling the truth. ^ ","ch":"一股怪味袭来， 使他相信了我说的真话。  "}
{"en":"A few minutes later,  I was able to hurry away with precious chalk marks on my baggage. ^ ","ch":"几分钟后， 我终于被放行， 手提划着宝贵的粉笔记号的行李， 匆匆离去。  "}